Q #1) When is the Linked List used in Java?
    As it is faster than collections like ArrayList in modification operations,
    it should be used in applications that require frequent addition/deletion operations.
    For applications that have mostly read-only data,
    ArrayList or similar collections can be used.

Q #2) What is ListNode?
    A ListNode is a basic class associated with a linked list in Java
    and represents information associated with a single element or a node.
    Each ListNode consists of data and a pointer or reference to the next element.

Q #3) Does the Linked List allow null values?
    Yes, the linked list allows any number of null values.

Q #4) What are the Advantages of a Linked List?
Answer: Some advantages are:
Manipulation operations like addition, deletion are faster in it.
    - There is no need to pre-allocate memory for a linked list and
      thus it results in efficient memory utilization.
    - It provides faster access time and without additional overhead for memory,
      and can be expanded in constant time.
    - It is a dynamic data structure
    - Grows and shrinks at run time depending on values added or deleted.

Q #5) What is the Application of the Linked List?
Answer: It is used mostly in the following applications:
    To implement ‘undo’ functionality in software like MS-Word, Photoshop, etc.
    To implement data structures like stack and queue.
    We can also implement graphs using a linked list.
    For bucket hashing, each bucket can be implemented as a linked list.

Q #6) What are the Limitations of a Linked List?
Answer: Some limitations are:
   - With an additional pointer to hold the reference of the next element in each node,
     memory utilized is much more than arrays.
   - This is a strictly sequentially accessed data structure hence
     nodes of the linked list must always be read from the beginning.
   - It is difficult to traverse it backward especially the singly-linked lists.
   - Since the nodes are stored in non-contiguous locations,
     the time required for access can be high.